Update ada_ros2 readme (#5)
personalrobotics/ada_ros2: README.md

ROS2 Hardware Interface and Description for the ADA Robot

## Dependencies
1. Install the Kinova SDK for your robot by searching [here](https://www.kinovarobotics.com/resources?r=79301&s). PRL currently uses the [Gen2 SDK v1.5.1](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UEQAow0XLcVcPCeQfHK9ERBihOCclkJ9/view). Note that although the latest version of that SDK is for Ubuntu 16.04, it still works on Ubuntu 22.04 (only for x86 systems, not ARM system). 

> 2. First, git clone this repo (ada_ros2) code as well as the [PRL fork of pymoveit](https://github.com/personalrobotics/pymoveit2) into your colcon workspace's `src` folder, build the workspace, and source the setup file by running this command: `source install/setup.bash`. Note that we don't actually need the code in `ada_hardware` in order to run the robot in simulation. We only need that code when connecting to the actual robot (which we won't be doing from VMs). So you should just skip building that package in Ubuntu VM by running this command: `colcon build --packages-skip ada_hardware`. That should build all the other packages, which are the ones you need for sim. 

Reviewer: Too long as a single block of text. When writing READMEs, there is always a tension between being detailed enough that readers know what to do, and being short enough that readers will actually read it and be able to follow it.

```suggestion
2. Configure and build your workspace:
    1. Git clone [this repo (ada_ros2)](https://github.com/personalrobotics/ada_ros2) and the [PRL fork of pymoveit](https://github.com/personalrobotics/pymoveit2) into your workspace's `src` folder. 
    2. Build the workspace: `colcon build`. Note that if the Kinova SDK can't be installed on your device (e.g., you are on an ARM system and only need to run sim), you can skip `ada_hardware`: `colcon build --packages-skip ada_hardware`. 
```
